---
description: Lendefi Community Update
---

# 16 June 2021

As Lendefi moves into audit, we are pleased to announce that the first major milestone has been achieved along our roadmap towards mainnet launch! The final two milestones are the testnet launch on June 28th and mainnet launch on the [Binance Smart Chain](https://www.binance.org/en/smartChain), scheduled for July 12th.

**Audit & Development**

The smart contracts that underpin Lendefi’s protocol were completed and delivered to us by our developers [Blockchain Labs Asia](http://www.blabs.asia/) \(BLABS\). The code has now been sent to Lendefi’s auditors for review. The audit has been scheduled for completion prior to Lendefi’s mainnet launch on the 12th of July.

The engagement of a reputable third-party auditor reflects Lendefi’s belief that protocol security is our primary operational priority. Transparency is important for Lendefi and we will release the name of our auditor along with the results of our audit, once it is completed.

Lendefi’s auditors will undertake a thorough security assessment of the smart contracts to identify potential loopholes and vulnerabilities within the protocol. 

There are additional ongoing development processes for Lendefi’s protocol. The liquidator is currently being tested and should be released shortly. The liquidator and API have been packaged as Docker containers and will soon be published as Helm charts within our Github repository.

**User Interface Design**

Our developers have experienced a further delay in delivering Lendefi’s user interface design. On Monday we were informed that their designer had a heart attack but is now out of the hospital and recuperating.

To mitigate the risk of any further delay in the user interface design, another designer has been hired. The designer has begun work on the completion of the user interface design and Lendefi is confident the design will meet the high standards expected by our community. We will be releasing screenshots of the design progress over the following week.

The delay in the user interface design will not adversely impact achieving our milestones towards mainnet release. We have adopted an aggressive development roadmap to maximize the potential for our token holders. We are still on schedule to meet our milestones for testnet launch on the 28th of June and mainnet launch on the 12th of July.

| Milestone | Description | Due Date |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Test-net** | **Live platform on BSC Test-net** | **28 June 2021** |
| **Main-net** | **Live platform on BSC Main-net** | **12 July 2021** |

