---
description: Lendefi Community Update
---

# 30 June 2021

The Lendefi protocol has successfully migrated onto the [Binance Smart Chain](https://www.binance.org/en/smartChain) testnet.

In our latest update, we are excited to inform our community about developments of the protocol, user interface and infrastructure.

**Audit**  
The audit of the Lendefi protocol is currently underway. In the interest of transparency, we will be sharing full audit details with our community, once the audit is complete. Details will be made public on or before Lendefi’s mainnet deployment.

**Testnet Deployment**  
On June 28th, the Lendefi protocol was deployed onto the Binance Smart Chain testnet. A total of 35 contracts were deployed and they are currently being tested for security and functionality. The testing also includes the tweaking of settings and redeployment after adjustments. The amendment process is being documented in preparation for deployment onto the Binance Smart Chain mainnet.

**User Interface Design**  
The design of Lendefi’s user interface has undergone several iterations to achieve a new level of maturity. Significant developments have been achieved in the following areas:

* Desktop
* Mobile Device
* Dark Modes

**Infrastructure Development**  
Lendefi’s Liquidator and REST API have been deployed and subsequently connected to the Binance Smart Chain testnet. Our web user interface has also been deployed directly into Cloudflare. This removes the server requirement for the Lendefi user interface.

**Mainnet Launch**  
We are rapidly moving towards our mainnet launch which is scheduled for the 12th of July. Our third party audit is part of a comprehensive security approach that includes the testnet deployment and our upcoming Bug Bounty program.

Lendefi is already live on the Binance Smart Chain testnet and open to selected testers. After initial testing, we will open the testnet version to the public.

| Milestone | Description | Due Date |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |
| **Main-net** | **Live platform on BSC Main-net** | **12 July 2021** |

